Documentation updates (#11)
nautobot/nautobot-plugin-device-onboarding: docs/onboarding-extensions/onboarding_extensions.md

# Onboarding Extensions

## What are onboarding extensions ?

> Onboarding Extensions are Python modules that are dynamically loaded and executed as a part of device onboarding

## What are common use cases for onboarding extensions ?

> Onboarding extensions could be used (but not limited to) to perform following operations:
- Stack onboarding
- HA Pairs, VSS pairs onboarding
- Populating device-bays and child devices, ie. Cisco UCS-Es
- Populating device inventories during onboarding
- Setting device roles during onboarding, ie. `Role = Access Switch`
- Setting device tags during onboarding, ie: `onboarded_with=networktocode`

## How do I enable onboarding extensions ?

> > You have to modify Nautobot configuration in `nautobot_config.py` to include yours extensions configuration. In the example below, we map a NAPALM driver name (this one could be a custom NAPALM driver too!), into a python loadable module. Onboarding plugin will dynamically load and execute your module as specified below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You have to modify Nautobot configuration in `nautobot_config.py` to include your extension's configuration. In the example below, we map a NAPALM driver name (this one could be a custom NAPALM driver too!), into a python loadable module. Onboarding plugin will dynamically load and execute your module as specified below:
```

```
        "onboarding_extensions_map": {
            "your_napalm_driver_name_ios": "onboarding_extensions.platforms.your_napalm_driver_name_ios",
            "your_napalm_driver_name_nxos_ssh": "onboarding_extensions.platforms.your_napalm_driver_name_nxos_ssh",

>             "your_napalm_driver_name_asa_ssh": "onboarding_extensions.platforms.your_napalm_driver_name_asa_ssh",

Reviewer: This example could be clearer, IMHO. Is the idea that `"your_napalm_driver_name_ios"` is the platform's configured NAPALM driver name? Or if not, what does this string correspond to?

        },
```

## How do I create an onboarding extension ?

> You have to create two elements as a part of your extension: an `OnboardingDriverExtensions` class inside your python module, and the `OnboardingClass` itself.

> > At first, plugin will initiate an instance of your `OnboardingDriverExtensions` (you have to use this name of the class). As we pass the NAPALM device with an opened connection to this class, you can leverage NAPALM to execute any custom commands (ie. collect device stack information). The are two important class attributes: `onboarding_class` (mandatory) and `ext_result` (optional). In the `onboarding_class`, you have to return a custom class that defines your onboarding methods.

Reviewer: Perhaps explain what purpose `ext_result` serves and how it is to be used?
